Xiaoyun
You convinced Mr. Lu
How did you convince him to leave it alone?
You must have begged him for a long time
Aggrieved husband
Pardon me?
Husband husband
I'll buy you a drink.
Aren't you afraid of getting drunk?
I misunderstood you so much
Don't scare me.
What if I'm the kind of person who curls up to please you first?
The person who attacks you again
Nini, what I want to tell you is
Be careful with men
You're my wife
You must take care of yourself outside
Ok husband
Good night
Ouch.
Great, you finally said that Wuhan University is missing, hahaha.
We successfully signed this agreement
Land warfare also contributed a lot
Don't put light on that gun boy's face
What does Mr. Lu's contract have to do with him?
Assistant Lu usually talks like this
Take credit to make you happy
Why did you come to my house?
I'm not good
I'm here today.
It is the courage to discuss marriage with the country V
What did you say? I didn't promise.
I will decide your marriage
You see, Mr. Song even brought the bride price
Why do you make a decision for me?
I told you long ago that the doll kiss you is the court
Miss Fu, what about this agreement?
I can sign it, or I can do it in front of you two.
Monkey Sage, don't get excited
You can marry without marrying
You also want us to complete the marriage as soon as possible
A little self-awareness, okay?
You can get intoxicated once, and I can also tune in.
Gu Qianying, what do you mean?
The Gu family wants to marry Gu Shiqianjin
Then I don't want this identity
Gu Qianying, what do you mean?
I mean I want to cut ties with the Gu family
You can't imagine the soldier is dead